Childbirth brings psycho-physical phenomena.
Abalone are one of the first food items taken by otters as they enter new habitat.
Classifications yield accuracy.
Vaccines reduce the chance of getting flu.
Rum is the product of the fermentation of sugar cane with yeast.
Drawers have clothing.
Deserts have dry climates.
Eyelashes also keep sweat out of the eye.
Drives encounter common dangers.
Businessmen conduct tests.
Sulfonamedes interfere with hemolysis.
Oxygen is generated by plants.
Eyesights help detect danger.
Production occurs in dense regions.
Jaguars spend a lot of time on the ground moving all tour legs.
Cliques are relationships of mutual affection between people.
Nuclear power has great impact.
Bags add weight.
Germination is the growth of the embryo inside the seed.
Homelessness is associated with suicide.
Reciprocity is the act of swapping privileges.
Paper contains details.
Stew is made of meat.
Autumn is a warm wet season.
Gravity is a property of the universe itself.
Civets consume prey.
Cakes contain cream.
Quasars are so bright they drown out the light from all the other stars in the same galaxy.
Soy offers health benefits.
Straw produces tissue.
Nitrites are more toxic to catfish than scalefish.
Wheels require motion.
Anthropology is the study of the human species.
Syn Syncretism is the union of the opposite tenets.
Peperomia is a dicot in the family piperaceae.
Gammas measure magnetism.
Polypropylene comes in two types.
Mud comes from rich environments.
Smiling can involve smiles.
Famine occurs mainly in western countries.
Cooperation is the thallium of competitive economic activities.
Efficiency is the ability to complete homework on time.
Melons have rinds.
Charge depends on voltage.
Roseola is a fever followed by a rash.
Speciation is the gradual adaptation of a species to environmental conditions.
Cytokines act as antioxidants as body temperature rises.
Elimination uses various processes.
Success provides overviews.
Harvest mean harvesting of the food.
T-cells are also t lymphocytes.
Pyridine dissolves in water.
Assistants specialize in services.
Mosquitoes carry viruses.
Hindrances disrupt mind equilibrium.
Simulation follows ceremony.
Magnetism is a property of the atom itself.
Thermostats provide warmth.
Dough contains yeast.
People need instruction.
Fibroadenomas are usually benign.
Boards provide education.
School learns skills.
Debris includes waste.
Rhythms are rhythms created by the heart.
Sprouts contain enzymes.
Parliaments are houses of the people.
Journalism is the science of truth.
Ladybugs are small dome-shaped beetles.
Zoos display primates.
Rhizoids are life sustaining.
Shepherds take care.
S singulars are asthma triggers.
Examples have limitations.
Edaphosauruses have appearances.
Relatives sit on chairs.
Sight is the ability to see things.
Acidity helps prevent the wine from becoming flabby.
Anemones are poisonous.
Steel loses moisture.
Theobromine is also in chocolate.
Softwoods contain only tracheids.
Fields attract songbirds.
Possums acquire the disease by eating infected birds.
Accounting is the management of balance.
Ophthalmologists use lasers to treat a variety of eye problems.
Tellurium is a gray-white solid with a shiny surface.
New life begins with new life.
Vibration creates compression sound waves.
Hemoglobin levels affect perceptions.
Baptism is identification with the believers.
Caffeinism is a side effect of coffee.
Metabolism takes place by enzymatic catalysis.
Depressants produce relaxed calm feelings.
Victims have faces.
Smoothies are fresh fruit.
Pills cause a desire to sleep.
Mahimachi are fish bones.
Botanists collect specimens.
Bluegills are very similar to sunfish.
Charge depends on durability.
Flies are nocturnal.
Rattlesnakes eat baby ground squirrels.
A criminal gets death.
Proposals help small business.
Taste is sensed by taste buds.
Thiocyanate interferes with iodine uptake by the thyroid.
Colugos have anatomies.
Jackrabbits are meat eating animals.
Lagers are generally beers made with bottom fermenting yeasts.
Succession is the gradual change in the composition of a species population over time.
Beryllium is rare in materials.
Pictographs are picture writing.
Paint is affected by acid rain.
Atlases are bound together maps.
Refrigeration retains moisture.
Medications produce significant effects.
Age affects texture.
Gauss strength depends on the thickness of the magnet.
Greys reach maturity.
Sofas can hold water.
Rotifers have bilateral symmetry.
Examinations confirm diagnoses.
Phyla have division.
Pupils change size.
Midwifes have skills.
Partners enter residences.
Pecans are basically dry goods.
Bilogists specialize in other scientific fields.
Circumstances contribute to influence.
Amphibians are mainly nocturnal especially in winter.
Wellness is acceptance of oneself.
Toms eat very little during mating season.
Mangroves occupy positions.
Growth affects bear habitats.
Sediment is the result of an accumulation of minerals in the water mains.
Diabetes is a disease of obesity.
Testicles descend during the breeding season.
Anacones have large mouths.
Dogs invade areas.
Duckweeds grow in water.
Nucleoli of different kinds of chromosomes contain several associated centromeres.
Caspases attack proteins at specific aspartate sites.
Fate depends on success.
Cotyledons are the site of infection.
Eels tend to live in crevices.
Vampires can drink blood.
Stickiness is measured by staying active over a period of time.
Pens use ink.
Carpenters are highly skilled professionals.
Inhabitants inhabit states.
Decomposition is driven by enzymatic catalysis.
Deflation is a decrease in the general level of prices as measured by some price index.
Tics are involuntary movements in the body.
Baths are made of hot water.
Killers get satisfaction.
Hardwoods are deciduous meaning they lose their leaves each fall.
Aeration also occurs in live plants as they grow.
Amphetamines are only to be used by people who have failed other weight loss methods.
Personification is the perception of an inanimate object having human capacities.
Cochlea consists of a basilar turn with a cystic cavity.
Killing causes infection.
Acrylamide is used in oil drilling to recover oil.
Moles help control populations of harmful insects.
Altar is a type of altar.
Prolactin activates breast tissue.
Kinesiology is the study of movement.
Pygmies take care.
Lahars are accumulations of unconsolidated materials on the flanks of volcanoes.
Sweat is produced to cool the skin down.
Oxidation is nature's way of spoiling things like food.
Receptionists have good communication.
Biopes have small front limbs.
Nuclei control vision.
Photosensitivity is defined as the allergic reaction to light.
Sulphur has components.
Firewoods have thickness.
Spectinomycin is used to treat certain gonococcal infections in women.
Antipyretics are medications designed to reduce fever.
Amylase speeds starch breakdown.
Walleye are generally warmwater fish.
Demyelination leads to progressive dysfunction such as seen in multiple sclerosis.
Colds happen in the winter earthquakes along fault lines hurricaines in the ocean.
Backbones are rigid bones.
Gems are the flowers of the mineral kingdom.
Hairdressers use chemical products.
Grizzarism is an appropriation of ideas.
Carotenoids are light-gathering agents in the pigments of eyes.
Homosexuals have the same basic needs as all human beings.
Writing is a by-product of experience.
Weakness is the general symptom of post-polio syndrome.
Cryobiology is the science of frozen biological specimens.
Infiltration is a particular concern in cold climates.
Dolls have fashion hairstyle.
Current has load.
Branches begin photosynthesis.
Geomancy is the spiritual ecology of the house.
Seals survive winter nights.
C lose of bone during menopause.
Degeneration affects the bulk of the heart's mass.
Immersion is baptism.
Snowdrops are also early spring flowers.
Enfranchisement is the legal rights of all persons regardless of nationality.
Orange has a high vitamin c content.
Parakeets are nomadic birds.
Restaurants have kitchens.
Courts are businesses.
Menstruation starts when a female has reached sexual maturity.
Viragos have shocks.
Iguanas breathe in air.
Rain produces vegetation growth.
Opium has effects.
Perches have jaws.
Weightlifters have muscles.
Frequency is denoted by a dense pulse of sound.
Frogs produce eggs.
Larynxes generate sound.
Zones provide habitats.
Taurine is present in mammals.
Ospreys carry food.
Breasts are sensitive to heart rates.
Carbohydrates are our primary source of fuel.
Pairing causes flight.
Narwhals spend the summer in ice free coastal areas of the arctic highlands.
Sickness is caused by unknown causes.
Beeswax is non-toxic to skin.
Chefs have recipes.
Paramecia have similar metabolism to multicellular animals.
Latency is a measure of learning.
Ruthenium is in the platinum group of metals.
Microbes break down carbohydrates.
Nitrates can be fatal to livestock.
Capsaicin acts as a wound antiseptic by killing harmful bacteria.
Chaps solve problems.
Polymers are a significant source of smoke.
Advice bases on own experience.
Smoking increases the risk of lung cancer.
Custards serve hunger.
Lymphocytes surround the vessel to prevent leakage of lymph fluid.
Constipation is when the colon expels shit swiftly from the bowel.
Venom is ineffective in protecting animals.
Crossbows fire small bolts of ammunition.
Batteries contain caustic mixtures of chemicals.
Running cause muscle cramp.
Emetic is given in the hope of killing the infection cells.
Lakes contain various species.
Companions do dumb stuff.
Abscesses can also develop in the brain.
Hobos want pie.
Cannibalism develops within four years of confinement.
Sharks have fins.
Wildflowers bloom in spring if rain has fallen.
Albatrosses are very aerial.
Civets produce sound.
Optometrists examine people's eyes to diagnose vision problems.
Enantiomers can exhibit diffrent chemical properties depending on their rates of reaction.
Passion is the ability to inspire people.
Gnus eat grass.
Recurrence is common when virus inside the nerve cell is reactivated.
Pacemakers help the heart beat faster.
 Sovereignty is the ability to govern oneself.
Electronegativity is a covalent bond between two hydrogen atoms.
Seizures occur because the brain is stimulated.
Pyromancy is divination by the heat of fire.
Hazelnuts contain high amounts of folic acid.
Scurvy occurs most commonly in young rapidly growing young animals.
Violins have string.
Algas look like plants.
Glibenclamide is a nausea-causing chemical.
Surfaces change over time.
Topics require coverage.
Walls have fiberglass insulation.
Ice is frozen water.
Fiber helps prevent the recycling of liver bile.
Meadowlarks possess feathers.
Tench tend to live throughout temperate eurasia.
Spermatogenesis occurs in the a interstitial cells.
Birds lose weight.
Glycolysis is the process used to break down glucose.
Telomeres are the tips of chromosomes.
P pins are magnetic.
Polypeptides are chains of many amino acids joined by peptide bonds.
Representatives have responsibility.
Rhinoblastomas are usually benign.
Leadership is about people.
Grapefruit lowers blood pressure without drugs.
Field is the load divided by the drainage area.
Songs have chorus.
Whiskers are sensitive to the nervous system.
Accretion is the process of joining two small pills together.
Electrocardiography measures the electrical activity of the heart.
Clothing reflects sunlight.
Oligosaccharide is a polymer of sugar.
Beagles find food.
Stocks are securities representing ownership shares of the company.
Trips take places.
Life is a living being with whom everyone is susceptible.
Attitude affects ability.
Radishes attract flea beetles.
Monotheism is the belief in one god.
Breathing  inhaling air.
Smallpox is caused by a virus.
Travel has drastic consequences.
Carcinoids are Neuroendocrine cells of endodermal derivation.
Seasons are a subdivision of a year.
Litigation is a resolution of disputes through the judicial system.
Stowaways take chances.
Illnesses lead to infection.
Mitosis occurs in haploid cells as well as diploid cells.
Chillas are used to cool hot water.
Oxalate is a by-product of digestion.
Vets make definite diagnoses.
Hens lay eggs.
Weevils breed in warm humid conditions.
Trachoma is an infectious disease caused by a virus.
Flaxseed contains concentrated phytoestrogens.
Ecologists acknowledge linear approaches.
Greens can stain a surface.
Conifers generally survive winter nights.
Hydration requires water.
Waiters learn skills.
Scorpionfish have long hind legs with two bones attached.
Lemmings are the only mammals habing round heads.
Families provide feeding services.
Stigmentation is the name given to female reproductive structures in flowers.
Literature is the art of time travel.
Hydrology is the scientific study of the complex water systems of the earth.
Heros dedicate life.
Jockeys have diets.
Traveling causes relocation.
Prisons have television.
Artifacts are material objects made by humans.
Astronauts go to space.
Tin is made by heating cassiterite with carbon in a furnace.
Plasma contains various substances dissolved in the fluid.
Bacillus affects soil structures.
Spiders prey on little insects.
Wrinkles are unwanted companions of aging.
State governments are political entities.
Fertilizer provides benefits.
Ammonites are the extinct relatives of modern cephalopods.
Psychotherapists are experts in psychotherapy.
Defibrillation is the electric shock applied to restart a non-beating heart.
Dendrites have a length.
Trains arrive at stations.
Mangos are the best of all the tropical fruits.
Capybaras have great vocal sounds.
Rubber reduces stress on vital joints in the human body.
Snow are small soft white pieces of frozen water.
Spit is accompanied by swallowing movement.
Mollusks are significant creatures.
Marsupials carry their young in a pouch on the abdomen of the female.
Tracks have types.
Saguaros grow from seeds.
Girls feed ducks.
Services are customized to the needs of individual customers.
Income is the ability to live a good life.
Gardens have good drainage.
Cookbooks offer features.
Addiction is caused by a chemical deficiency.
Flashlights have magnification.
Flavonoids are produced by swallowtail butterflies.
Shoelaces are used by people.
Alcoholics feel shame.
Anthropology has division.
Philosophy is the discipline devoted to the study of the fundamental questions of everyday life.
Shellfishes dominate lists.
Pistachios are intolerant of high humidity during the growing season due to disease susceptibility.
Spirals are flat disks of stars with bright bulges in their centers.
Proposals use best techniques.
Leptospirosis is a disease caused by contaminated rat urine.
Parades are outdoor activities.
Killing causes violence.
Parents move from houses.
Terrapins reproduce using sexual reproduction.
Tarsiers have the largest eye among mammals relative to their body weight.
Dwellers use water.
Broccolis contain additional nutrients.
Crime is the violation of human rights.
Alkalis are the opposite of acids.
Buying cause collections.
Jackals vary greatly in size.
Photographs emphasize characteristics.
Pulsations are usually due to the irregular heart beat.
Meghertz is the unit of audio frequency.
Neutralization occurs when an electron is attached to a single charged ion.
Taxonomy is one of the three branches of systematics.
Heaters provide purposes.
Lessons focus on goals.
Guitars have skilled singing.
Mallards swim very well.
Chemiluminescence is the result of an optical process.
Minnows are the most abundant of fish.
Phytotherapy denotes treatment using plant products.
Astronomy studies extraterrestrial objects.
Medications can result in allergic reactions.
Magnetometers use gravity to detect trapped particles around the planet.
Aquifers are underground reservoirs.
Numbers depend on environmental conditions.
Electricity conducts electricity.
Radiolarians are of large size as protozoans.
Muskmelons prefer slightly cooler temperatures.
Shock is a serious condition requiring immediate medical treatment.
Pity is the feeling of pity towards a fellow human.
Enantiomers have identical chemical properties but differ in optically active reagents.
Builders build houses.
Ethnocentrism seems to be a universal trait of human experience.
Elk change size.
Tulips are members of the lily family.
Transposition is an example of non-homologous recombination.
Carabaos weigh kgs.
Security inks are also common eradication chemicals.
Intussusception occurs when one part of the intestine folds in on itself.
Flesh has flavour.
Skippers drink the nectar of various flowering plants.
Fertilization can help produce a bumper harvest.
Macrozamia is a useful tool in firefighting.
Thiefs have stolen things.
Letters are the elements of written language.
Pea seeds come in all sizes.
Cases require investigations.
Viability serves functions.
Climbers seek experience.
Rattle is made of hard hollow segments.
Polymerase attenuates ischemic renal injury in rats.
Cereals provide healthy snacks.
Literacy is the study of language.
Spots are just after images.
Needs lead to robberies.
Usefulness depends on frequency.
Terbium is considered to be moderately toxic.
Spices provide aroma.
Nasturtiums have levels.
Fables are narratives about animals who live in human society.
Sties are bacterial infections of tear ducts.
Cataracts are fungal growths on the eyes' clear lenses.
Basophils are the usual suspects in leukemia.
Fibroadenomas are usually harmless marble-like lumps of tissue.
Cows reach sexual maturity.
Avocados are green.
Telecommuning is the asynchronous method of communication.
Lactase is produced by the human body.
Runners participate in km trials.
Probiotics are the opposite of fat.
Doxycyclines act by decreasing the effects of sunscreen.
Dance is a language of a people spoken with the body.
Plywood is made by cutting a thin continous layer of wood off a log as it is spun around.
Markets include sales.
Paper can catch fire.
Droughts are a long period passes without substantial rainfall.
Quality makes differences.
Hellhounds are dogs.
Muskmelons have musk smell.
Zooids carry tentacles.
Citizens are persons admitted as permanent residents of a country.
Ovaries have kidneys.
Intruders are vile intruders.
Boundaries have vegetation.
Adhesives consist of rubber silicone acrylic.
Donkeys occupy habitats.
Characters undergo development.
Photographers use light.
Spacesuits fill with carbon dioxide  a rich mixture of minerals.
Goats have hooves.
Livestock feeds animals.
Diabetes can cause impotence.
Nadolol is effective in treating mild to moderate hypertension.
Pycnidia grow in infected areas.
Tides occur in ranges.
Stress causes anxiety.
Macromolecules are abundant in cells.
Stoves have surfaces.
Thunder is the result of a lightning strike rapidly heating the surrounding air.
Tantrums are natural child development processes.
Bryohytes have much wider ranges of distribution than vascular plants.
Sulfates retain heat.
Anoles can climb glass walls.
Diaries have appointments.
Bars create heat.
Ladybugs are beetles.
Streptococcus is present in white blood cell count.
Theaters have walls.
Frequency represents the number of recurring periodic waves per second.
Prolapse refers to the extrusion of a mass through the vagina.
Barley has health benefits.
Citruses are one of thousands of breeds.
Lobsters can cause clinical bleeding.
Barbiturates can reduce pain without drugs.
Calls have news.
Brambles produce seeds.
Titanium is a strong lightweight metal used extensively in spacecraft.
Blankets have surfaces.
Umbrellas are needed when it will rain.
Mutualism occurs when both species benefit from their interaction.
Waterwheels drive mills.
Rattlesnakes use venom.
Antacids can substitute for painkillers.
Aardvarks have distinctive characteristics.
Bass has large mouths.
Hydrogen perxoide is also water.
Tin is caustic to skin.
Geese build nests.
Stars have mass.
Climbs start with steppings.
Composites are made of several different materials.
Decryption is the process of reversing the unintelligible data into meaningful data using a key.
Peeling is a common cause of redness.
Guidelines appear in professional books.
Tin is a metal with a high conductivity as are all aluminum metals.
Conflict requires mediation.
Achondroplasia is the most common type of dwarfism.
Sticks have sharp points.
Hosts pass plasmodium vivax malaria from one patient to another.
Recidivism is the likelihood of repeated crime.
Papayas reach height.
Agronomists are practitioners of plant science.
Brachiopods are extremely rare.
Ringtails provide fodder.
Kits have weight.
Expression is governed by peptides.
Pupae are small brown capsules.
Kudus have stripes.
Blankets have surfaces.
Manta needs food.
Thunderclouds release large amounts of electrical energy.
Ability improves with age.
Boyfriends behave.
Electrons are the tiny charged particles inside atoms.
Cannibalism seems to have been prevalent in the earliest times.
Hares are strictly vegetarian.
Winter is attributed with a decrease in the number of birds flying.
Stars appear as a number of light spots on a telescope.
Necks consist of many living parenchymatous cells.
Myceliums require substrate.
Exploitation threatens habitats.
Hepaticas are also early spring flowers.
Knowledge cans have impact.
Ravens are big black birds.
Beets contain high amounts of folic acid.
Art has patterns.
Area has characteristics.
Harvest depends on precipitation.
Avocados develop fruit.
Deputies have responsibility.
Pollination is often done by nocturnal insects but self-pollination also occurs.
Spinach is full of mucosa.
Psychiatry is a branch of medicine.
Acrobats have plastic bodies.
Capitalism is the system of production.
Quakes produce waves.
Guppies give birth to live babies.
Heat produces highly toxic fumes.
Flexibility is defined as the range of motion around a joint.
Gelatine is produced by boiling skin ligaments tendons etc.
Bananas produce large quantities of heat when they are ripening.
Resistivity increases with air saturation.
Dynasty has bodies.
Seapals provide protection.
Warthogs live in subterranean burrows often excavated by aardvarks.
Nutrition is the key to keeping warm during winter months.
Publications offer details.
Quills are made of modified hairs with a coat of keratin.
Age plays roles.
Cubs vary in areas.
Juices contain nutrients.
Governance is the change brought about by the populations reactions.
Linseed differs from soybean oil in many ways.
Motmots have turquoise plumage.
Health is purification of the body.
Dogwoods are tolerant of competition from many other plants.
Lotion is a skin protection agent.
Attendants provide safety instruction.
Queens live natural life span.
Petrochemicals are chemicals derived from petroleum.
Charge creates electricity.
Rodents possess characteristics.
Physiognomy is divination by the face.
Waterfowl vary in diets.
Slavery is something imposed upon a human being by another at some moment after birth.
Equity is the ownership interest of a business enterprise.
Decomposition releases carbon dioxide.
Acupressure is a localized massage.
Calcification is common to aging placentas.
Construction has environmental consequences.
Peregrines are swift-moving birds.
Seawhells are the remains of marine invertebrates.
Hamburgers come from dairy cattle.
Stags are dark brown with a prick on their neck.
Addiction is a life threatening condition.
Mymmetries contribute to values.
Explosions produce explosions.
Radiotherapy uses low dose radiation to stop the progression of vision loss on the retina.
Carbon dioxide is found in the blood.
Stench comes from decaying fish.
Rules apply to mine areas.
Poodles need proteins.
Laws have versions.
Circuits have wires.
Labs offer studies.
Explosives contain explosive molecules.
Dizziness is a common complaint during migraine.
Meerkats have unique patterns.
Boots offer protection.
Soil contains many different elements.
Overloading has consequences.
Sheriffs are officials.
Plots contain wheat.
Nourishment passes into tissue.
Larvaceans have large home ranges.
Debt is the accumulated debt of the issuer.
Diets include much fruit.
Toys stimulate development in children.
Trogons make their nest from cavities.
Monoculture is when all farms grow corn.
Paths have different functions.
Pigs provide proteins.
Exchanges occur across permeable membranes.
Dying causes emotion.
Dioxide levels in blood are a measure of carbon dioxide concentration.
Buttercups are semi-hardy perennial.
Twigs grow in shrubs.
Eyelids are blue.
Hemlocks are shade tolerant evergreen tree.
Bays provide water.
Options guide careers.
Petrologicalists analyze rocks.
Colleges use technology.
Beets grow well in cool weather.
Virions seede to all the epithelial surfaces of the body.
Methanol is toxic.
Dysprosium is found in the metal coating of halogen lamps.
McDonald's sells hamburgers.
Jewelers create fine jewelry.
Hikers drink water.
Barometers are used to measure air pressure.
Thiefs have stolen things.
Compost helps to balance out the ph of the soil.
Grasshoppers eat water.
Functions produce patterns.
Compression is when all the fuel is squeezed.
Rabbits use diaphragms.
Toys are tiny dogs.
Frogfishes have mouths.
Crevasses are narrow deep cracks in the glacier.
Cleaning  maintenance.
Tracking is the management of occurrence data.
Polyester is a synthetic resin.
Sparrows also eat insects.
Wasps bite people.
Teenagers gain weight.
Budgies have interest.
Engineers design skeletal structures.
Clocks are like living creatures.
Poinsettias are very sensitive to mealybugs.
Dynamics describe the loudness of an instrument.
Newsletters contain observations.
Pneumonia requires antibiotic therapy.
Alcohol goes directly from the stomach into the blood stream.
Mountains have peaks.
Tattoos are relatively permanent skin layers like the dermis.
Zinc alleviates thermal hyperalgesia due to partial nerve injury.
Microbial fungi attack plants of all ages.
Pixels are the basic unit of representation in digital images.
Witches are healers.
Germination is the growth of pollen tubes from the surface of pollen grains.
Infertility is the inability to get pregnant.
Visibility is the degree of being visible.
Visibility is the degree of being visible.
Masturbation is common among adolescent boys who have no relationships.
Kiwis contain fructose.
Kinglets live in evergreen trees.
Masticates are a distinctive of birds.
Slits are used as devices to control noise.
Illnesses affect children's mental development.
Resynthesis is a text-to-speech process.
Masturbation is defined as the distribution of nudity in a magazine.
Phenols have a ability to chemically interact with many other substances.
Crampons are spike-soled boots used in climbing snow mountains.
Modules apply principles.
Kinesiology is the study of movement.
Flocculation occurs most frequently in multiplet volumes.
Equipment includes cloak devices.
Wine is the product of vines.
Smoothies make from fresh fruit.
Equations apply to problems.
Ragweeds have conspicuous lateral roots.
Lunges are essential to working out full hard glutes.
Dilution occurs when the oil is added to the carrier oil.
Adhesives harden as they expose to oxygen.
Limbs facilitate movement.
Slips cause follows.
Bicycles have safety helmets.
Viability refers to the potential to germinate.
Dinoflagellates are the most common sources of biluminescenes in seawater.
Swans have feathers.
Aardwolfs live very long periods.
Valves close when the heart is contracted.
Lactose is found in most unusual foods.
Pterosaurs have locomotion.
Asexuality is defined as the lack of sexual attraction to other people.
Patterns become habits.
Adoption involves the permanent transfer of a child from one extended family member to another.
Trains have excellent friends.
Lying cause sleep.
Designs include unit tests.
Diagnoses require medical attention.
Coins are magnetic.
Activities have negative effects.
Mangabeys belong to the family cercopithicidae.
Cloth allows oxygen to enter the body.
Reading glasses make impressions.
Mergansers eat aquatic insects.
Salesmans have good presentation.
Cloves are a natural incubator for parasites.
Jockeys carry whip.
Orioles hide in green leaves.
Silts are used as building materials.
Ecology is the study of relationships among different creatures.
Adhesion occurs when cells come into contact with the surface of a cell.
Bluebirds feed primarily on the ground-like the robin to whom they are related.
Travel starts with leaves.
Heros receive heroes.
Winners win games.
Artiodactyls are the most common mammals.
Nitrites reduce the oxygen carrying capacity of blood.
Boobies plunge-dives to get their food.
Nucleosynthesis destroys stars.
Astragalus offers health benefits.
Chickweed is a mineral-rich herb.
Lawns absorb nitrogen fertilizer.
Dairies provide nutrition.
Anthropology is the study of people in different culture settings.
Nutrition improves intelligence.
Prolapse refers to the extrusion of a mass through the vagina.
Animation is the process of making still images appear alive through the action of motion.
Berkelium is the eighth member of the actinide transition series.
Ocelots occur in areas.
Trainers undergo metabolism.
Babirusas eat infected meat.
Waitresses bring plates.
Thumbs touch surfaces.
Leprechauns are shamans.
Tubes deliver air.
Queens lay eggs in mid-late winter.
Dancing is the language of bees.
Pests include squash bugs.
Litter is a social disease.
Oceanographers are at sea all the year round.
Knowledge contributes to growth.
Mercury is found in the atmosphere.
Starvation is common when populations exceed the food supply.
Hunters follow deer.
Hunger creates a crave.
Shrinkage occurs as the skin loses moisture.
Circumstances affect health.
Pollutants can be pollutants if they are washed away.
Disadvantage includes drawbacks.
Rhes consume food.
 kilograms represent the weight of a bull.
Sweeteners are the opposite of sugar.
Cedar is a fire tolerant tree.
Vinegar removes hard water deposits from glassware.
Chemiluminescence is the light produced after a chemical reaction.
Bricks are the material used to make cuckoos.
Bismuth combines slowly with oxygen at room temperature.
Congestion is the result of unabated thinking.
Newspapers are made of lumber.
Experts to provide recommendations.
 articulations are actual speech sounds.
Lemonades have sugar.
Radiology is the study of images of the human body.
Prisons provide food.
Election is the idea of the chosen people.
Leptospirosis is spread from person to person through the air.
Opponents adopt results.
Leucocytes accumulate at the inflamed site to combat invading bacteria.
Bananas contain resistant starch.
Parsleys have appearances.
Economics is the soul illustrated in human life.
Jet streams are common on some continents.
Heterosexuals sleep together.
Shot can involve birds.
Fumigation is the process of sterilizing seafood.
Smiling cause happiness.
Perceptions become habits.
Seamounts are present in many ocean basins.
Ringtails prefer habitats.
Headshots win games.
Paramagnetism results from the permanent magnetic moment of the atom.
Journalists explain events.
Pressure increases with temperature.
Fleas have a lifecycle.
Smells have smell.
Grain has requirements.
Stress is stressful to many people.
Skiing cause accidents.
Fatherhood is a time of extreme responsibility.
Architecture is the design of buildings.
Eccchymoses can also develop.
Bullfrogs eat mosquitos.
Trumpeters have broad flat bills with tooth-like notches.
Faeries enjoy nature.
L lunatics attack women.
Boletes decay rapidly.
Fluctuations represent ownership changes.
Monotheism is the belief in one god.
Arteriosclerosis is caused by calcification of the arteries.
Mangabeys occupy areas.
Sugarcane is a common agricultural animal in the tropics.
Snowflakes turn into sleet.
Hippos are masters of chase.
Stops occur during action.
Streams flow through vegetation.
Companions return homes.
Alpha is the light of the soul.
Nutrition contributes to quality.
Quilts are made of cotton.
Rites come from indigenous women's sites.
Childhood is the time to begin to prevent adult-onset cardiovascular disease.
Dominance is the sphere of control over the kingdom of heaven.
Hemoglobins are tiny red blood cells.
Songbirds migrate at night.
Canals fill with sea water.
Zinc enhances the muscles.
Love is also a function of lust.
Voles have a special chromosome trait.
Herbicides can be useful in managing persistent vegetations.
Brightness is used to indicate the path of light.
Leonardite is a humin.
Evangelism is the mission of the apostolic church.
Vaccinations are part of the overall health management of a child.
Ptarmigans are white in the winter but brown in the summer.
Orphans are children who have no parents.
Plant food contains nutrients.
Papain is part of the intercellular matrix of cartilage.
Lentils are naturally high in nutrition.
Help can have multiple benefits.
Nanotubes are stronger than steel.
Cobalt occurs mainly as smalite.
Pineapple helps dissolve mucus.
Bluebirds feed on dead bugs.
Meningiomas grow on brain coverings.
Trees drop fruit.
Iridium is white but occasionally has a slight yellowish cast.
Stools have mass.
Fibroadenomas are benign.
Maturation occurs in breeds.
Hemispheres are also subject to jet streams.
Photos use camera flashes.
Documents provide recommendations.
Umbrellas are needed when it will rain.
Humanity has effects.
Settlers find food.
Cottontails have white tails.
Mumps is a generalized acute viral disease caused by the mumps virus.
Functions produce patterns.
Plasma flows through capillaries.
Trees bear small red fruit.
Vertebrates generally have a backbone.
Headaches are caused by excessive pressure.
Yield is the mass of fat minus mass.
Bottle aging takes places.
Thiocyanate interferes with iodine uptake by the thyroid.
Wildfire occurs only during drought periods.
Distribution depends on climate.
Bryophytes generally have larger ranges than vascular plants.
Farmers use resources.
Incontinence results in loss of control.
Oxygen is attached to an ionic bond.
Rubber is made from long-chaine polymer molecules.
Tomatoes grow very slowly in cold climates.
Smallpox can cause millions of cells to explode.
Seaweed grows in australian coastal water.
Fermentation occurs when grapes are sealed in bottles.
Cynodonts open jaws.
Canes produce new leaves.
Knives are weapons.
Humans instinctively know to suckle when infants.
Clothing has style.
 rehabilitation is the process of achieving the maximum functional potential.
Pens write in black ink.
Hairballs are a common cause of death in rabbits.
Cabins are built by early settlers.
Dancers have rotational inertia.
Antobodies are a circulating defense agent against the disease.
Ophthalmology is the science of the dispersion of light.
Laxatives cause persistent abdominal pain if swallowed.
Jailer is a guardian.
Lymphopenia occurs when the immune system is weakened.
Bowls have water.
Halons are one of the most ozone-damaging substances in use today.
Rum is the product of the fermentation of sugar cane with yeast.
Microwaves produce enough heat.
Parks have surfaces.
Areas provide children.
Pneumonectomy is the removal of an entire lung.
Bales contain chests.
Alcoholism affects three american families.
Skirts feature zippers.
Implantations affect growth.
Aoudads are well adapted to their environment having two shells.
Cardamoms require moisture.
Vesicles are common sign of acute dermatitis.
Environments include water.
Selfishness is the intention to gratify self as an end.
Mathematics gives quantitative values.
Sickness affects hearts in many ways.
Bronchioles connect bronchi.
Organelles are present in the cytoplasm.
Queens lay eggs.
Jellyfish can live a wide variety of ages.
Fishers catch fish.
Bonobos are very social animals.
Dispersal is the movement of offspring from their parents.
Cygnets possess feathers.
Anatomies involve cooperation.
Goiters are the most visible sign of iodine deficiency.
Beavers affect ecosystems.
Running cause rest.
Homes have heat.
Summer is the warmest part of the year.
Osmosis occurs when two solutions of different concentrations are separated by a membrane.
Sunshine has effects.
Geraniums are well adapted to bright sunny locations.
Sponges are hermaphroditic but usually cross-fertilize.
Albatrosses have strong nests.
Chokes cause chokes.
Orcas adapt to prey.
Flocs are solutions separated by sedimentation.
Lungs are blood vessels.
Juice offers health benefits.
Calyx is a green plant.
Hurricanes are common during summer.
Empires have positions.
Leaves are the life support of a plant.
Sharks live during periods.
Aspens are very sensitive to pesticides.
Yellowtails eat herring eggbeds.
Pharmacists recommend medicine.
Arthritis restricts movement in children.
Guppies swim when they leave their mother's body.
Polyunsaturates are very high in cholesterol.
Lungs are full of cells.
Capuchins have an opposable thumb.
Interleukins can make chains with any number of antibody molecules linked together.
Acrophobia is the fear of heights.
Diabetes affects eyes.
Frostbite occurs when epidermis tissue is damaged.
Tantrums are common among kids.
Dizziness can be a symptom of a heart attack.
Collies are dogs people care about.
V vagrants have stomachs.
Radars help safety.
Varicoceles occur in young women particularly during childbearing years.
Chameleons resemble lizards.
Diamoons aid in photosynthesis.
Heaths contain animal species.
Statutes are laws made by parliament.
Sparrows perch in trees near cliff edges.
Precipitation falls from clouds.
Radium is known to cause cancer.
Reaction destroys marine habitats.
Contaminants can change rapidly the concentration of pathogens in water.
Presentation provides knowledge.
Conductivity is used to transfer energy.
Elasticity refers to the string's ability to stretch.
Cottonmouths are common throughout the southeastern United States.
Murder is the hurtful destruction of life.
Differences illustrate differences.
Amphibians are generally nocturnal especially in winter.
Mumps can cause infertility in a small fraction of men.
Bays provide water.
Ladybugs hibernate from winter to spring.
Spirogyras undergo mitosis.
Adultery leads to dependence.
Veterinarians provide services.
Bucks have large flattened shovel-shaped antlers.
Prisms are used in binoculars to bend the light.
Honey has different viscosity.
Codeine is a centrally acting antitussive agent.
Erosion produces smoothness.
Degradations lead to reductions.
Salmon are the highest in fatty acids of all fish.
Caterpillars pupate in leaf litter on the ground.
Anxiety is one of the most common illnesses in the workforce.
Strikes are about food.
Sungalsses are very bright.
Cloning is a process of producing clones.
Witnesses have experience.
Buttermilk is the most commonly used dairy drink.
Villages have populations.
Bread has yeast.
Tailings are waste slurries produced from mineral extraction processing.
Marijuana has high potential.
Manuals include pictures.
Prisons have television.
Melons are ripe when the skin turns yellow.
Digitalization is the process of converting from analog equipment to digital.
Profit is the ratio of turnover to cost.
Butterflies are colorful.
Minds change over years.
Templates include scientific facts.
Management affects quality.
Hiccups cause hiccups.
Roses have different shapes.
Illiterates receive government benefits.
Poodles have cost.
Compaction affects plant density.
Radiotherapy kills cancer cells by injuring their ability to multiple.
Seatbelts prevent injuries.
Technology creates electronic devices.
Lungs require treatments.
Fruit contains harmful bacteria.
Pollination is the control of insect populations by humans.
Tayras feed on fruit.
Midwifes have advanced education.
Deer are one of the most characteristic aspects of india.
Grapevines are also resistant to many other diseases.
Asteroids are large enough to be detectable by telescope.
Adaptation is crucial to the process of natural selection.
Hospitals give injections to fill water voids.
Lotion protects skin.
Presidents have heart diseases.
 intellectuals come into libraries.
Pyrethrum is an allergen.
Pathogenesis occurs in the intestinnal cell.
Photovoltaic cells turn on automatically when the sun's rays disappear.
Angeles have wings.
Sticks are carbon atom bonds.
Yogurt aids digestion.
Sources have problems.
Health benefits consumers.
Libraries are public places.
Oncologists specialize in the treatment of cancer.
Mood refers to a prolonged emotion.
Chiton live in intertidal zones.
Cannabis is a social drug.
Ureters carry stones.
Pistachios are strong plants native to desert environments.
Greenhouses help germination.
Gourds have seeds.
Swamps become stagnant water.
Ceos achieve significant success.
Eclipse has viewers.
Microbes provide the fundamental underpinning of artificial ecosystems.
Interpreters have knowledge.
Entrepreneurs are entrepreneurs who start own companies.
Shigellosis is spread through the feces.
Expedition has strong impact.
Pelicans need food.
Writing requires thinking.
Cicadas use their mouths to suck sap.
Eukaryotes have enhancer regions that control gene expression.
Amebiasis is the leading cause of death in parishes.
Osteophytes are present on the ventrolateral surfaces of vertebral bodies.
Liquids are much harder to compress than gases.
Epidermises have layers.
Hirsutism is defined as excessive terminal hair growth with a male distribution pattern.
Cyclamen occurs in spain to iran.
Decarboxylation is the process of heat transfer by electron migration.
Reflection is the bouncing of light off a surface.
Asteroids can often line up perfectly with each other.
Roads stimulate growth.
Leeches are naturally sluggish livers.
Cosmetics create moisture.
Nettles have white flowers.
Stimuli trigger events.
Hippopotamus live in water.
Scientists identify special plastic materials.
Villages take care.
Crystals are the purified solid.
Asteroids can vary greatly in size.
Terrains have ravines.
Libraries cause a desire to reads.
Kingdoms have many people.
Baobabs have grey bark.
Reliability refers to the reproducibility of a measurement.
Healing is a phenomenon of heat.
Rabbits benefit from herbs.
Leather is the skin of a rabbit.
Presidents begin with advertisements.
Battles result in violent treatment.
Syntax is the structure of sentences.
Spermaceti are waxy solid substances.
Failure depends on attention.
Oxidation occurs as a blood pressure increases.
Plagioclase are very small microcrystalline interstitial patches.
Dugongs reach sexual maturity.
Dens are created by burrowing into soil under rocks.
Vans have windows.
Head lice appear in clusters.
Cleaning accompanies sneezings.
Hops are the cone-shaped flowers of a hop plant.
Penicillins are bacteriocidal.
Octopuses tend to be profoundly antagonistic towards each other.
Hypercalcaemia can cause cancer.
Chipmunks eat seeds.
Reflexes are involuntary movements in the brain.
Interleukins slow the rate of plasma protein formation while holding it steady.
Glycolysis occurs in the absence of mitochondria.
Ice is a solid.
Stinkpots are active at night.
Mouths have different shapes.
Pumpkins are a rich source of carotene.
Zeolites are alumino silicates used widely in the petrochemical industry as catalysts.
Doves lay eggs.
Addicts are persons with untreated depression.
Water is a very dense golden yellow slightly soluble solid.
Pedigrees are used to help detect genetic disease.
Remission is the period when the disease is freed.
Magnification is the magnification of the specimen being observed.
Vivisection is the surgical removal of an alive animal.
Peach appears at the beginning of the reproduction cycle.
Naturalists travel.
Agencies reject students.
Aerosols mimic the cloud'sflection of sunlight.
Yogurt aids digestion.
Ticks carry disease.
Rubella is an antiviral vaccine disease.
Economists study recessions.
Assessments include calculations.
Shamanism has many fetishistic elements.
Policy has meaning.
Sunburn is overexposure of the skin to the ultraviolet rays of the sun.
Tinea occurs in people who perspire excessively.
Fatigue is part of the human experience.
Cramps are due to severe loss of water through sweating.
Estuaries are very special environments.
Interest is the price of money.
Disociation occurs when a large chunk of brain activity is lost.
Insects are divided into groups.
Neodymium is soluble in liquid magnesium.
Spruces have same height.
Phytotherapy denotes treatment with medications produced from natural plant products.
Theropods live in a wide variety of habitats.
Credit is the ability to pay bills.
Heaters provide warmth.
Ladybugs carry a foul-tasting liquid on their limbs.
Bulbs reach flowering stage.
Pills have adhesive properties.
Tanagers eat insects.
Feminism is a course in feminism.
Incidents follow proper protocols.
Parents post photos.
Transsexuals reassignment to express their perceived inner identities.
Deceleration is the decrease in speed relative to the speed of the racer.
Coccidiosis is caused by microscopic animals called coccidia.
Mudslides are common on steep slopes in mountains.
Presentation draws attention.
Contraception is absolutely basic to women's health care.
Police launch inquiries.
Robots require computer commands.
Tetrapods range greatly in size.
Hospice tries to allow people to die with dignity as free from pain.
Plantains contain bitterness.
Batteries supply electrical power.
Biscuits require novel ideas.
Electromagnets are used in trains.
Vinegars contain alcohol.
Selfishness is the intention to gratify self as an end.
Cockroaches are among the oldest of all animals known to man.
Electricity kills fish.
Death is due to lack of oxygen.
Drawers have clothing.
Suckers occur in springs.
Catheterization is a permanent method of contraception.
Hollyhocks are a species invasion danger.
Iridescence is a common phenomenon in foods.
Endoneurium refers to the connective tissue wrapping each individual axon within the nerve.
Producers contribute to quality.
Toothpastes contain calcium carbonate.
Bibliographies are lists of articles  sometimes with notes.
Planets move in jerky movements.
Eosinophils are another cell commonly present in inflammation.
Holograms are hot molecules.
Immigrants give birth to offspring.
Phenolics are produced by pathogenic microbes.
Muons are the opposite of electrons.
Scratching can exacerbate eczema.
Mindfulness is the energe essence of emotions.
Aspirin is a non-toxic drug.
Barriers become barriers.
Celery has slender stalks.
Piroplasmosis affects livestock.
Titanium creates the blue in the sapphire.
Beef cost money.
Beakers fill with water.
Lambs produce wool.
Clover has availability.
Fibroblasts manufacture weak type iii collagen.
Philosophers value belief.
Attendants end relationships.
Berries are one of the few fruits containing potassium.
Sloths have flat hands.
Pseudoephedrine passes into breast milk.
Iridium is a hard brittle lustrous dense transition metal of the platinum family.
Argalis live in groups.
Wheelchairs have spring.
Raspberries are members of the rose family.
Wantings causes a desire to gets.
Endometriation is the natural state of reproduction.
Turtles prefer water.
Lice appear in clusters.
Iridium is an extremely inert chemical resisting even the action of aqua regia.
Hyacinths make their nests by enlarging holes in trees.
Cuckoos perch in trees.
Grativity is related to mass.
Jackrabbits live in a mix of shrubs.
Burger provides meat.
Fluctuation is associated with growth.
Prayer takes places.
Hatred causes violence.
Nutrients lead to synthesis processes.
Textbooks provide further details.
Secretaries enjoy rights.
Zoos have giraffes.
Slabs are used in construction.
Paleozoology is the study of fossil remains of animals.
Vipers are poisonous snakes.
Depressants are the mainstays of gymnastics.
Airways carry air to the lungs.
Trazodone is the most commonly used antidepressants.
Usage causes damage.
Zooplankton feeds small fish.
Biologists visit families.
Combs have teeth.
Fear is anxiety in the face of the eternal.
Walruses venture into water.
Tungsten is used in light bulbs.
Octopuses have the most complex brain of all the invertebrates.
Ligaments connect shoulder bones to each other at a joint.
Pneumonia is among the leading causes of death from all hospital-acquired infections.
Pythons spend time.
Celeries have properties.
Gerbils drink clear water.
Fishers also cache their prey coming back to eat it later.
Leopards are among the megafaunal species dangerous to humans.
Hose connects to machines.
Interfaces are the essential structures in biological systems.
Lumber is the free existence of things.
Illuminance is a measure of photometric flux per unit area.
People avoid snakes.
Planesims are small moons.
Antimalarials are the drug of choice.
Transparency is the rate of transparency of a surface.
Gooseberries grow in conditions.
Assistance is provided by companies.
Biodiversity plays a vital role in maintaining stability in a natural ecosystem.
Angels assist bobbies.
Activations increase battery capacity.
Bats fly bats.
Magnesium plays a role in warding off cardiovascular disease.
Dachshunds have long backs.
Spicules are the bone-like structures found in polyps.
Gasoline is a rich mixture of toxic chemicals.
Wounds kill men.
Division is a fundamental operation of arithmetic.
Swans have feathers.
Mirrors have reflections.
A coin contains irons.
Baptism is the initiation into the christianity.
Missles are nuclear weapons.
Leeches can grow up to eight inches long.
Staff offer services.
Poodles need proteins.
Friendships are relationships.
Burdens affect health.
Tetrapods rely on eukaryotes.
Dogwoods are the most common trees in the eastern United States.
Aphids are generally very insectivorous.
Aphids leave behind sticky substances.
Leeches can grow up to eight inches long.
Donkeys stay in homes.
Melanocytes populate the neural crest.
Talent is measured by ability.
Opprobrium is disgrace resulting from shameful actions.
Cleaning cause tireds.
Pincers bite people.
Anxiety is a prominent natural state of nature.
Migration is one of the fundamental responses to change.
Azaleas grow best in cool moist shaded locations.
Tires have diameters.
Peppermints act as a deterrent to sphincters.
Ethernet is the connection to the internet.
Surfactants are in the low toxicity zone.
Carjacking is a general intent crime analogous to robbery.
Ketones inhibit blood flow.
Juniper grows in water.
Soda contains carbon dioxide.
Legs move by waves of knee joints.
Anemometers are instruments to measure wind speed.
Leeches live in small rivers.
Staff achieve results.
Declinatio is the degrees of arc.
Anacondas swallow their victims whole by opening their jaws extremely wide.
Fragmentation causes problems.
Heresy is the deliberate question of belief.
Sclerosis is a late manifestation of the disease.
Guts produce enzymes.
Mushrooms grow in temperature.
Nitrates can cause developmental problems in children.
Trilobites have spines.
Hangovers begin after blood alcohol levels start to fall.
Lineages are known to be present in plants.
Peregrines take prey.
Scallions are onions.
Fungicides have different levels of activity against different diseases.
Salt dissolves in water.
Oats are one of the few food crops grown in autumn.
Traveling causes nervous excitement.
Starches can also contain sugar.
Election is the expression of the will of the people.
Bedding helps insulate animals from the cold ground.
Turnips have vitamins.
Radar has limitations.
Banks lend money to people.
Universities offer choices.
Hummingbirds prefer habitats.
Homeostasis refers to metabolic balance maintained by several processes.
Tea has smell.
Bronchioles produce lobules.
Adaptations have dramatic effects.
Stipules are small flaps at the base of the leaf.
Studies demonstrate limitations.
Disadvantage includes drawbacks.
Stimuli trigger reaction.
Exoskeletons are possessed by many arthropods like insects.
Antelopes produce sound.
Jerboas have toes.
Sociologists are concerned with the effect of social traits on daily life.
Babes enjoy sunshine.
Seat belts provide protection.
Kittiwakes eat a lot.
A poem is a piece of writing.
Cygnets eat aquatic insects.
Weather can play a role in heat stroke.
Heaths are home to a rich assemblage of animal species.
Pancreatitis occurs when the pancreas becomes inflamed.
Bison descend from bison.
Dyspepsias are long-standing gastrointestinal problems.
Code provides evidence.
Ants reach sexual maturity.
Hummingbirds are primarily metabolism eaters.
Concrete has strength.
Maps provide locations.
Allergies affect families.
Activities cause tireds.
Tumours are a frequent cause of obstruction.
Activities involve risk.
Petrochemicals are chemicals derived from petroleum.
Pressure depends on weight.
Celery has slender stalks.
Wilt occurs when water potential is diminished by drought stress.
Technicians have knowledge.
Waitings cause a desire to reads.
Drinks cause intoxications.
Pollination is the act of laying eggs.
Aeration is the addition of air to water.
Combs have purposes.
Vegetables contain water.
Adaptation is crucial to the process of natural selection.
Breasts develop during the first weeks of life.
Pizza makes from fermented dough.
Orangutans produce offspring.
Tungsten conducts light.
Schism is a sin leading to death.
Professions involve microbial physiology.
Habitats have very long life cycles.
Truffles are subterranean fungi.
Birds have body temperature.
Rattlesnakes reproduce via eggs.
Utility is a measure of satisfaction.
Exfoliation occurs when deeply-buried rocks are exposed at the earth's surface by erosion.
Deficiencies contribute to weight loss.
Rhinoviruses cause a bronchitis.
Balls have kg mass.
Intensification is the process of sharpening a photo.
Goats have their throats slit in front of others often with dull blades.
Bronchi connect tracheae.
Petals have texture.
Monkeys eat insects.
Rain is part of the water cycle.
Amebiasis can be a very common viral disease.
Miscarriage is the body's natural response to a pregnancy in trouble.
Copperheads can swallow their prey whole.
Limpets eat algae.
Icebergs are extremely dense warm wet forests of ice.
Grain has components.
Firewoods provide warmth.
Crime is the root cause of other social ills.
Rivers provide habitats.
Chocolate contains stimulants.
Ceftriaxone is one of the most commonly used antibiotics.
Critters maximize the chances of their babies'urvival.
Cities allow crime guns.
Diners eat bread.
Leads are wires covered by soft flexible plastic.
Tsunamis are caused by earthquakes.
Utilities provide emergency assistance.
Silt is composed of silt particles.
Policewomen investigate crime.
Wings carry aircrewmen.
Oxygen allows underwater breathing.
Evaporation is common during hot weather.
Snowdrops are threatened because of the uncontrolled collecting of plants from the wild.
Mycotoxins produce a wide range of harmful effects in animals.
Proposals help entrepreneurs.
Capsicums are also extremely metabolically active.
Permafrost refers to permanently frozen ground.
Lungs cause death.
Anoles resemble lizards.
Quality affects the prices of goods.
Lemon provides seeds.
P is the partial pressure of carbon dioxide.
Minerals include magnesium.
Nuturalists collect specimens.
Adenoviruses damage the immune system.
Furans are a good substitute for dioxin.
Gerunds can be compound.
Tolerance is the acceptance of diverse cultures.
Orbits lead to ice ages.
Pests include voles.
Jockeys enjoy food.
Craft have functions.
Reading requires thinking.
Nutritionists recommend diets.
Abstinence is the only way to deprive oneself of the disease of compulsive overeating.
Moas have furry feathers like ostrich.
Clew is clean plasma.
Oboe is one of woodwind instrument mainly used in Orchestra.
Biochemists specialize in specific areas of biochemistry.
Hives have queens.
Lumber has bark.
Pseudoephedrine is excreted in breast milk.
Atmospheres sustain life.
Esters are reactive.
Silver is a brilliant white metal.
Cactus can conserve water.
Gangsters throw knives.
Drinking cause aggression.
Fishermen catch seafood.
Mutagenesis enhances the chances of human infection.
Religion is the expression of human experience.
Hypertension can impair functions of the kidney.
Attempts have consequences.
Merchants sell turkeys.
Swimmers generate resistance.
Orbits have centers.
Cremation is a method of identification.
Glossaries contain definition.
Lactase is necessary to break down the dis accharide sugar in milk called lactose.
Quarks are joined by gluons.
Hieroglyphs are small pictures used to write like alphabet.
Apiculturists specialize in bees.
Pistachios are a native plant to desert environments.
Numbers are abstract objects.
Margarines are light.
Windbreaks protect soil erosion.
Antidepressants are the most widely prescribed medications in the United States.
Hospitals serve vegetarian meals.
Perseverance is the ability to face difficulty with firmness.
Woolows thrive in moist soil.
Grapefruit helps to relieve anxiety.
Smallpox is a viral disease.
Butterflies pupate very slowly.
Whelks are mollusks.
Alpha is the first letter of the Greek alphabet.
Argalis live in groups.
Thyroxine is produced by the thyroids.
Weapons are weapons designed to kill.
Running cause distance.
Layers act like blankets.
Pecans are the largest fruit trees.
Mumps is a generalized acute viral disease caused by the mumps virus.
 Fundamentalism is the way ancient people expressed their politics.
Spines have vertebrae.
Autotomy is the self-limiting of a body part.
Gears turn by electric current.
Typing  printing.
Canals carry water.
Condoms contain sperm.
Lack inhibits development.
Trichomoniasis is caused by the single-celled protozoan parasite.
Ions have no net charge.
Veterans seek treatments.
Heterotrophs use resources.
Implantations result in growth.
Guavas have yellow stripes.
Gases sustain life.
Police have burglary cases.
Cockroaches come out of their hiding places at night.
Autotrophs are producers of food.
Smog occurs in the lower troposphere.
Burping is the cause of bloated stomachs.
F is the lower case of f.
Sloths are also among the slowest to move.
Weasels are mostly nocturnal.
Descriptions receive attention.
Tsunamis kill innocent girls.
Swamps have very low topographic relief due to altitude variation.
Dysprosium is ubiquitous in biology.
Lees are the sediment of wine.
Waterfowls eat vary diets.
Prisons are violent institutions.
Defibrillation is the electric shock applied to restart a non-beating heart.
Expatriation is the voluntary act of relinquishing one's citizenship.
Veterinarians make definite diagnoses.
Ticks can also detect the carbon dioxide given off by warm-blooded animals.
Wood consists of cellulose.
Oceans sit on thinner heavier crust.
Generosity causes a desire to connect.
Stethoscopes carry disease from one patient to the other.
Occultism is the study of occult.
Pharmacists are trained in medical fields.
Experience makes differences.
Claustrophobia is the fear of heights.
Light is slower than electric energy.
Colugos have unsual teeth.
Joints have fast diffusion pathways.
Gems occur in all minerals.
Legislation is the genetic code of society.
Permanganates are the most toxic of the manganese compounds.
Sunflowers are able to sense the direction of the sun.
Lying cause broken hearts.
Cannibalism seems to have been prevalent in the earliest times.
Thunders are lightings.
Orators have sore throats.
Overexploitation is the leading cause of disease.
Mites bite poultry.
Microbats eat insects.
Curliness is inherited.
Incidence refers to the rate of occurrence of new cases of disease.
Thulium is the least abundant of the naturally occurring rare earth elements.
Amenus are public spaces.
Trees fall from trees.
Capitalism is the system of of men.
Tourism is a total of travel.
Cleaning accompanies sneezings.
Wallabies are unique little megapods.
Serotonin is present in nerve fibers in follicle walls surrounding oocytes.
Buckeyes are distant relatives to chestnuts.
Rowans have trunks.
Curves are made of materials.
Economists examine east asian success.
Spring is the time when the atmosphere revives.
Comfrey contains potentially dangerous compounds known as pyrrolizidine alkaloids.
Myceliums have a haploid nuclei.
Aromatherapy is used as a headache reliever.
Smoothies are made with electric mixer.
Rice is made from rice meat.
Flags consist of stipes.
Capsules contain spore-containing structures.
Smoking harms the lungs.
Myofibrils vary in size depending upon the number of myofilaments they contain.
Leeches are eight-inch-long blood sucking mammals.
Internists are specialists in internal medicine.
Yew contains poisonous substances.
Fibrosis is a deleterious but variable consequence of chronic inflammation.
Boilers supply heat.
Tears are part of the human experience.
Manuals explain usage.
Nearsightedness is the difficulty in seeing distant objects clearly.
Houses help crops.
Glaucoma occurs when a drainage outlet is blocked and the internal pressure increases.
Bats are active at night.
Table tennis is one of the oldest games on earth.
Cost includes benefits.
Interstitial cells are the cells between which cells the sperm is produced.
Ham comes out of refrigerators.
Volcanism affects ph values.
Hikes cause sweating.
Mitochondria develop by division too.
Lions kill prey.
Garbage is rotten food.
Cops see small children.
Instruction emphasizes safety.
Flexibility is defined as the ability to bend without resistance.
Vegetarianism is a choice to live a longer healthier life.
Happiness is caused by the perception of objects.
Designs use optical instruments.
Yogurt aids digestion.
Nickel can irritate skin.
Beryllium is frozen in irons.
Economics have growth.
Areoles are on stems.
Adjuvants boost the stimulation of the appropriate protective immune response in animals.
Enantiomers can be any two chemical substances.
Prednisone changes certain things in the body.
Progestins act on the placenta to stimulate growth.
Cytotoxins kill living cells.
Cardinals lead services.
Air has mass.
Yaks graze on alpine steppes.
Nurses see weakness.
Hyenas live in communities.
Centrifuges increase the effects of gravity by spinning at high speeds.
 dissociation occurs when lower firing thresholds result in higher neuron firing.
Chinchillas are nocturnal.
Boatmen eat vegetables.
Silver is toxic.
Flooding is a common occurrence of the summer.
Chondrites are almost as old as the Earth.
Meiosis occurs in eukaryotes.
Stemosis occurs when the ligamentum flavum is stretched too far.
Extentation is the study of past events.
Telecommuting refers to working in one's home instead of going to the office to work.
 aspiration is the turbulent flow of air through the glottis.
Cattle are the dominant creatures of agriculture.
Arrows provide explanations.
Pasteurization can kill harmful levels of common bacteria.
Wrestling cause injuries.
Disinfectants are some of the most hazardous chemicals in barns.
Thermostats emit radiation.
Carbohydrates also leach quickly during early decomposition.
Spondylolisthesis is the detached upper vertebra from the lower vertebra.
Nutritionists advise on six key nutrients.
Printer uses paper.
Anthrax is a biological weapon.
Dinosaurs possess teeth.
Invaders include weeds.
Bulbils continue to grow over time.
Wells have water.
Deltas are natural sites of agricultural development.
Berries contain toxins.
Hydrologists study water.
Tomatoes contain a high amount of lycopene.
Adverbs modify nouns.
Neoprene is a solid.
Acculturation is simply the acceptance of culture traits by one group from another.
Atherosclerosis is one of the leading causes of death in elderly people.
Laboratories make from hydrogen perxoide.
Areas provide suitable habitats.
Thunder is based on the principle of movement of air.
Progestins implant in women create a state of false pregnancy.
Pacifism is the peaceful reconciliation of human difference.
Arginine enhances the depolarization of gut cells by inhibiting the uptake of amino acids.
Fucus vesiculosus is very high in iodine.
Brucellosis is the single leading cause of death in dogs.
Banjos have string.
Myrrh is a fragrant resin obtained from a tree.
Delavirdine is the drug of choice.
Toxins remain concentrated in the filter-feeding shellfish.
Trichinosis is a common disease sometimes spread through raw pork.
Officers possess expert knowledge.
Vipers are poisonous snakes.
Quadrille is dance music.
Psyllium is non-toxic.
Adaptation is essential to the process of natural selection.
Bulbs contain active components.
Mouths produce saliva.
Creeks flow into rivers.
Flammability is a measure of the likelihood of fire occurring.
Autism is a developmental dis ability identified during the first three years of life.
Poverty is dependency on drugs.
Scallions are also members of the onion family.
Planes have windows.
Hemias start with stomach aches.
Automobiles have trunks.
Viruses break down the immune system.
Isopods shed half of their exoskeleton during molting.
Cigarettes have toxic chemicals.
Loudspeakers use vibration to generate sound.
Faces have pale skin.
Pioneers experience misery.
Orientation is a global cerebral function.
Polypropylene is used extensively in underwears.
Repellents are very useful in protecting against mosquito bites.
Infants feed whole cow milk.
Fertilizer primarily promotes growth.
Extremities are sensitive to cold caused by emotional stress.
Anthrax is a disease.
Rays are present in both sexes.
Hominids are members of the human family.
Trusts are private documents.
Heartbeats make blood circulation.
Markets provide activities.
Bullies accept responsibility.
Farts caused laughter.
Resonance is the vibration set up by contact with an object sympathetic to the frequency.
Molas are eaten by other fish.
Crinoids are sessile.
Grasses begin to germinate at the taproot.
Lipids are fat.
Cougars have similar faces.
Sleeve is the finished lengthwise edges of fabric works.
Quartz is harder then glass.
Hydrazine can cause adverse reactions in lactating women.
Autumn is a time of harvest.
Sticks have tools.
Wings serve functions.
Assistance is the act of offering help.
Hellbenders live under the sea.
Fertilizer contains nitrogen.
National Parks have bird habitats.
Lectins are ubiquitous.
Tension is caused by anxiety.
Polarity refers to the phase of the signal in relation to the string vibration.
Fleshes have appearances.
Attempts have consequences.
Foxes take advantage.
Objectification occurs in art.
Bullies participate in destruction.
Nitrification is the process of converting ammonia into nitrate.
Germs are part of the immunity system.
Graduates go to colleges.
Bilbies are an endangered species of australian marsupials.
Sedges are able to bend over due to gravity.
Assessments indicate uncertainty.
Basins have seasonal variability.
Reading is the process of initiating new reading habits.
Heaths thrive in acidic soil.
Flow is the data of object movement.
 tadpoles are clumsy at first with their clumsy toes.
Cement reacts chemically with water to cause concrete to harden.
Keratinization is one of the diagnostic features of squamous cell carcinoma.
Prize demonstrates potential.
Buildings offer protection.
Utilities have facilities.
Pouches contain cavities.
Viruses infect insects.
House has heat.
Tundras are very sparse in vegetation.
Superconductivity is the property of conducting electricity without resistance.
Effects contribute to effectiveness.
Planes fly in troposphere.
Pleukopenia is a common condition in cats.
Anthrax is a lethal biological weapon.
Cryptanalysis is the process of cracking into another's cryptosystem.
Methods have drawbacks.
Procaryotes lack nuclei.
Hydrogen perxoide is stable at room temperature.
Streams contain fish.
Yaks graze on alpine steppes.
Dominance influences quality.
Humidity affects the drying time of all paints but latexes.
Meperidine relieves pain without drugs.
Delusions are common among schizophrenia patients.
Abstinence is the choice to refrain from sex.
Paganism is the way of my life.
Fertilization starts in gametophytes.
Television contributes to obesity.
Electronegativity is the ability of an atom in a molecule to attract electrons toward itself.
Canids have four legs.
Gumours have similar symptoms.
Mitochondrion provides energy.
Irritation triggers responses.
Kill causes dies.
Profit is the return on a bond in the market.
Artists enjoy success.
Climbing starts with cliffs.
Wives become mothers.
Plasma flows through capillaries.
Climate affects environments.
Balsa is lightweight wood.
Parks have mosquitoes.
Tonsillitis is common in children.
Lyophilization is the process of killing the lethal virus.
Population has profound negative effects.
Tusks develop in older elephants.
Coughs make inflammation.
Snapdragons have shallow roots.
Cloning is the production of genetic copies.
Libertarianism is the political philosophy based on individual liberty.
Differentiation is the specialization of a cell line.
Dehiscence is separation of a previously joined wound.
Matches cover floors.
Enterprises offer designs.
Hibernation occurs during winter months.
Margay contains fruit.
Paraffin is used in substitution reactions.
Summaries receive attention.
Altimeters measure atmospheric pressure to determine altitude.
Anxiety is related to yearning.
Perspiration makes silk yellow.
Supermans fly in dreams.
Spiders eat prey.
Tourists begin trips.
Periwinks have immune functions.
Moons range in shape from highly irregular to sphere.
Geysers are just a manifestation of volcanic activity.
Traditionalism is one of the most fundamental ways families operate.
Reactants have large boiling points.
Intake has significant effects.
Cataracts are affected visual acuity.
Songs activate positive emotions.
Ice is frozen water.
Probiotics are the opposite of antibiotics.
Traveling causes tiredness.
Cats have balance.
Soldiers excrete toxic substances.
Contests see similar outcomes.
Machines provide construction.
Liquids only give off vapour as they approach their boiling point.
Occurrences have effects.
Grapevines are woody deciduous plants.
Monarchs are dependent on cold temperatures.
Foxgloves are fragrant flowers.
Moms carry children.
Traveling causes tiredness.
Ecosystems are living communities.
Triggerfish have brilliant red heads.
Psychology is the study of the mental activity of human beings.
Moisture has high relative humidity.
Arguments are about faces.
Staff have good product knowledge.
Mice eat grass seed.
Groups play games.
Vasoconstriction helps in the flow of blood.
Oxidation affects transmissions.
Imbalances are religious paintings.
Oxidants help kill bacteria they have engulfed.
Tardigrades are segmented into little balls called tuns.
Scavengers inhabit wilderness regions.
Elopards have very good eyesight when an object is moving.
Antelope survive in environments.
Brachiopods occupy a large part of the marine kingdom.
Types have high potential.
Frogs produce offspring.
Narrative is the translation from printed matter to spoken language.
Flight has instruments.
Erythropoietin narrows blood vessels helping maintain blood supply.
Heartburn tends to be common during pregnancy because of increased pressure on the stomach.
Modal particles can have opposite effects.
Convulsions are an electrical malfunction of the brain.
Ischemia is the most common cause of sudden cardiac arrest.
Maggots dissolve in ice water.
Broccolis contain extra nutrients.
Books have great values.
Employment is the number of people employed.
Contraception is the body's natural response to a pregnancy in trouble.
Lunch breaks are often at noon.
Many people with asthma are allergic to dust.
Telomeres are the natural ends the tips of a linear chromosome.
Embezzlement is the theft of a public fund.
Hellions are figments of imagination.
Intuition is a belief.
Pond liners keep water in the soil.
Fleas bite sick people.
Roots provide shelter.
Tolerance is a state of unresponsiveness to a specific known antigen.
Langurs are primate eaters.
Rainwater is conductor of electricity.
Warbles have plumages.
Barriers lead to progress.
Penguins shake backs.
Dynamics is the introduction of changes in the state of something.
Ramjets are jets without moving parts burning cheap fuel like paraffin oil.
Strategies focus on capacity.
Teething causes infants to stick out of their gums.
Mosquitoes are generally very aggressive insects.
Zones have dense vegetation.
Penicillins are also antibiotics.
Clothing changes with age.
Infection occurs when small droplets of water contaminate the lungs.
Evolution involves experience.
Amines are used in foods.
Russet disease is caused by streptomyces scabies a genus of fungi.
Sawflies attach to stems.
Songs activate learning in both hemispheres of the brain.
Gastropods are relatively soft.
Flamingos prefer habitats.
Colonoscopy involves examining the whole colon.
Processed chickens weigh pounds.
Railroads have special procedures.
Propellers turn metal shafts.
Skates  fall.
Presidents have schedules.
Adhesives have properties.
Paralysis is a picture of the result of sin.
Twins come from different families.
Bees require special clothing.
Urethanes are also related to carbamic acid.
Chromatids appear during the anaphase of spindle fibers division.
Paleontology is a branch of geology.
Crabs use their pincers to catch insects.
Tensiometers fail when air bubbles develop in the water column.
Hammerheads have sweet teeth.
Artifacts have values.
Contractility causes closing of valves.
Diabetes can also develop in people with sweet teeth.
Plam stems have adhesive properties.
Amiodarone decreases the effects of chemicals on the heart.
Dragons are immune to poison.
Fleas bite sick people.
War requires resettlement.
Cider is fresh crushed apple juice.
Laws are social documents.
Presentation draws further attention.
Cockroaches carry salmonella.
Noses have nostrils.
Baptism is a public confession made in the presence of others.
Lunch provides proteins.
Protriptyline is in a class of drugs called tricyclic antidepressants.
Polyesters are very sensitive to oil stains.
Attachments are the most common carrier of viruses.
Phototropism persists throughout life.
Bosses take care.
Gluons are carrier particles of the weak interaction.
Summer marks the brooding stage in the pheasant reproductive cycle.
Hominoids also lack a tail.
Microwaves release radiation.
Attenuation is the loss of intensity.
Tarsiers are by far the most advanced group of primates.
Spring is when most bonsai begin their growth cycle.
Cottonmouths eat other snakes including their own kind.
Fireflies eat other small insects.
War requires fresh water.
Nonallergies are also common especially in children with asthma.
Awareness helps tasks.
Density implies production.
Cats are polka dotted under their fur.
Prairie has disturbances.
Hazelnuts contain high amounts of folic acid.
Cigarettes cause cancer.
Balance is the ability to maintain balance.
Bears are used to people.
Chaperones bind to proteins in the matrix.
HATs provide protection.
Properties include appearances.
Roseola occurs mainly in the childhood stages.
Lifestyles include vegetables.
Drugs known as mucolytics break up mucus in the lungs.
Sculpins eat a variety of food primarily fish food.
Pancreatitis occurs when the pancreas becomes inflamed.
Sheriffs are sheriff's deputies.
Bars have mental components.
Fetuses are ultrasound images of the mother.
Overripe bananas have a sweet smell.
Moons are natural satellites.
Evolution is the gradual accumulation of adaptions over time.
Aminals follow instinct.
Spirituality is religion.
Steroids can cause a range of symptoms from insomnia to death.
Bacteria can cause disease.
Hiccups are due to tight muscles controlling the diaphragm.
Barriers have layers.
Lampreys reproduce the same way as salmon.
Fibrosis is affected functions of the lungs.
Martens are adapted to cold winter temperature.
Turtles give birth to turtles.
Hospital provides examinations.
Crawlers are small insects.
Viability refers to the fetus's ability to survive independently of the woman's body.
Chitin has a complicated structure immune to most general enzymes.
Talent has practical values.
Tasks have limitations.
Posture is the position of body parts in relation to each other.
Nerves cause contraction.
Albums have meaning.
Ranches raise animals.
Diamonds have internal flaws.
Digestion occurs in the enlarged sacculated parts of the colon.
Tourism experiences growth.
Calcification occurs in the wrong tissues with accelerated calcification of arteries.
Trout take much of their food below the surface of the water.
Love is the wisdom of man guided by love.
Gardens are collections of plants.
Thixotropic sols can change into viscosity quickly.
Polymers are a significant source of smoke.
Caffeine increases the level of circulating fatty acid.
Lysosomes have a higher ph than the cytosol.
Lessons focus on problems.
Colds happen in the winter.
Canines have up to 26 blood types.
Relaxin relaxes the muscles in the pelvic area during childbirth.
Botflies have a two-hour lifespan.
Spruces have same height.
Dendrites are evergreen trees.
Refrigeration causes mold growth.
Vitamins offer many health benefits.
Earthquakes cause extensive environmental destruction.
Women miscarry at different times.
Culture is the social construct of society.
Positions have significant impact.
Enemies interact on battlefields.
Ravens are birds of omen.
Taxonomy is the scientific method of classifying living things.
Refrigeration causes mildew.
Hutches provide shelter.
Crustaceans inhabit cavities.
Plantains need full sunlight.
Plumages serve purposes.
Curium is radioactive.
Vasoconstriction occurs to reduce swelling.
Lovage contains a volatile oil angelic acid a bitter extractive resins etc.
Pollution enters atmospheres.
Typhoons can occur during the rainy season.
Pharmacists focus on medical experiments.
Macrozamia has fire.
Aloes have clear gels.
Atherosclerosis can start to grow since many years ago.
Communism is the system of of laissez faire.
Mist becomes water.
Stigma is associated with schizophrenia.
Communication is crucial to the process of reproduction.
Doves have difficulty feeding.
Heart is composed of myocardium.
Experiments involve chemical reaction.
Intake prevents lung disease.
Adultery affects relationships.
Bulls protect vicinities.
Diverticulosis is an infection of the lower bowel.
Plateletpheresis is a process similar to donating blood with a few exceptions.
Chalk consists of small particles.
Boilers use electricity.
Hummingbirds need food.
Lionesses kill giraffes.
Fucus vesiculosus is very high in iodine.
Sails are used in sailing.
Cubs close their eyes during birth.
Starch helps precipitate.
Polarity is a measure of the atmosphere's gravity.
Paramecium consume food much like multicellular animals.
Music affects perceptions.
Taxes are taxes.
Cleaning accompanies sneezings.
Pse pressure is a measure of the hardness of wheat kernels.
Pilots go to flight schools.
Helpers help situations.
Eucalyptus blossoms attract ants.
Canaries have clean environments.
Pigs reach sexual maturity.
Melons turn brows.
Abalones have small stature.
Kings seek presence.
Puberty is when childhood ends.
Microphones convert sound waves to electrical voltages.
Fever has effects.
Anurans have a physiological reaction to their prey.
Willows require water.
Buttercups are semi-hardy perennial.
Results suggest accuracy.
Breasts secrete estrogen.
Malnourishment is a leading cause of death in birds.
Rhinoviruses cause a bronchitis.
Powder creates facets.
Diversity increases in habitats.
Reactivity is an indicator of how well the vessels function.
Regeneration is the process of regeneration being transformed into a divine life.
Rails have mass.
Soccer has headshots.
Policewomen help residents.
Kiwis have a proteine-splitting enzyme as do papayas.
Tomography is a three-dimensional imaging process.
Botulism is caused by ingestion.
Villains are potential evil mages.
Trailers contain suspense.
Shellfishes have complex life.
Neutrophils are one of the kinds of white blood cells.
Dams have mud.
Rosemaries have foliage.
Saws are tools.
Death is the end of life.
Transportation is the equalizer of all types.
Mice make nests lined with the softest materials they can find.
Duckweeds grow in water.
Rugs are one of the oldest crafts of mankind.
Humans adapt to habitats.
Mites attack poultry.
Plagiarism is the appropriation of intellectual property without permission.
Bacteria carry out transduction in microrganisms.
Watermarks are impressions created by stamp printing.
Cuticles are aboveground green parts of plants.
Results will have impact.
Muskrats prefer steep slopes covered with vegetation.
Streams fill with water.
Attention is a neurological process.
Rum is made by crushing sugar cane between heavy rollers.
Embolis vary in size in the brain.
Billfishes catch prey.
Hyenas live in communities.
Parsnips are in the family apiaceae.
Follicles exhibit features at all stages of development.
Litter is deadly to marine animals.
Decomposition occurs in beverages exposed to oxygen.
Androgens directly stimulate proliferation of bone cells in vitro.
Hinds stay away from feeding areas provided by humans in winter.
Hippos are sensitive to sunburn.
Ceres are the largest objects in the asteroid belt.
Anhydrides can also undergo nucleophilic acyl substitution reactions with a variety of nucleophiles.
Tuataras respond only to low frequencies.
Steak is the most common dinner in men.
Urine contains substances.
Marijuana contains chemicals called cannabinoids.
Paleoanthropology is the scientific study of human evolution.
Succession has huge impact.
Kittiwakes get energy.
Biscuits contain leavening agents.
Olivine occurs predominantly in the darker materials in the southern hemisphere.
Jewelry reflects light.
Apes produce sound.
Oligodendrocytes are present in demtelinating diseases such as multiple sclerosis.
Therapsids are mammals.
Enterokinase helps in the activation of other enzymes.
Polypropylene is another common polymer.
Pendula have thermal energy.
Salmonella causes diarrhea in person.
Ozone reacts with lightning to produce new substances.
Sourness is caused by bacteria.
Flounders have a shortest survival rate of all marine life.
Deficiencies can have impact.
Tomatoes are a rich source of lycopene.
Cows give birth to offspring.
Reading is comprehending.
Eternity is a beginning with no end.
Gars live in fresh water.
Ecology has principles.
Cirrhosis is a progressive liver disease caused by alcoholism.
Doves sit on trees.
Wildflowers bloom in summer rains.
Protein is digested by enzymes.
Dahlias are root tubers.
Propanol can be a mixture of several isomers.
Fasteners have mass.
Radium is radioactive.
Culture is the sense of solidarity among people.
Benzodiazepines can cause amnesia.
Amniocentesis can detect condition in the fetus.
Evangelism is the act of bringing good news to an individual.
Bass has mouths.
Caries is an infection caused by specific bacteria.
Hypertension is one of the most common causes of left ventricular hypertrophy.
Waterbucks live in a certain range of prairie.
Gyroscopes use rotating bodies to sense shifts in the environment.
Catheters are the usual site of infection.
Agreement becomes bind papers.
Breast fed women tend to have lower menstrual periods.
Oxalates are among the commonest substances causing kidney stones.
Electrolysis occurs due to current.
Cremations produce dissemination.
Ailerons maintain stability.
Stress decreases the body's ability to fight infection.